If you get stuck at 95% please try setting the priority of Minecraft higher in task manager.
Loading takes too long? Have a cup of coffee! Or go to sleep...
Please make sure you followed the installation guide to install this modpack!
If you encounter lag when cleaning memory, please use the recommended JVM arguments.
Don't enable VSync. It can break things.
Can see through some of the blocks? Disable VBOs in video settings.
Want more FPS? Try decreasing render distance.
Press F6 to switch between 1st person and 3rd person mode.
Press F7 to toggle realistic 1st person.
If you want to use vanilla 1st person mode please enable View Bobbing.
Read the modpack guide book. It helps a lot.
Lost your Omnipedia? You can make another one with a blank Akashic Tome!
Press Alt + Minus (on numpad) to reload background music.
Armor damage reductions are reworked in this modpack. 
Don't stick with vanilla tools and armor. Build yourself a Tinker's forge ASAP.
Try to look for villages on your first day of survival, it can help a lot.
Eating diversed food is always good. (Yes even rotten flesh can be good)
Thou shalt not strip mine.
Game stucks after loading 100%? Try disconnecting from Internet, it can magically fix it!
10 to 15 minutes of loading time is normal.
Don't stare at this, you are wasting your time.
Go to take a shower or something, make use of your time.
This is not a tip.
Try to get used to the 3rd person mode, you will love it.
You have 4 extra bauble slots!
Always have a pouch of unknown with you!
Read the Elysian Project book when you have time!
Memory usage is too high? Try allocating some more virtual memory!
If your game crashes without a warning, Your game most probably ran out of memory.
Some special events may happen at specific times of a year!
If you think you are experienced, try Expert mode. Don't be afraid.
Use /suicide command to kill yourself, if you want to.
Team up with your friends using the /togetherforever command to sync game stages!
Claim chunks to avoid grief and destructions!
Don't have too many chunks loaded, it can lag your game.
Try not to put backpacks into AE2 system, or you will have a hard time taking it out.
You can always restore a world backup by clicking on [Backups] in world selection menu.
Skills are important. Spend your XP on them!
Press F5 to swap shoulders of 3rd person. Use directional keys to adjust the camera.
Don't try to add unbalanced mods into the modpack, or bad things will happen.
You can make an AE2 system in early game! (Yep nether is early game)
No, you are not supposed to build a mob grinder.
Use torchmaster to get rid of mob spawning in a large area!
If you are brave enough you can try to play Expert mode in hardcore mode. It's not that hard.
Be prepared before you fight the dragon, things may change vastly after this battle!
Danger lies in the depths of the oceans. Before exploring, brew some water breathing potions!
You find food more delicious when hungry.
You can't excavate ores or sprint when at low hunger. 
Don't believe anything in this game.
Press U on an item to look up its usage in JEI, press P to look up recipes.
You can only view recipes of an item when you have the required game stage!
If you somehow lost your game stages or progression, please restore a backup.
If you love this modpack, consider becoming a sponsor!
You can find many useful commands in the modpack guide book!
Restarting your computer sometimes fixes memory related issues.
Read the installation guide if you haven't. It's very important.
Please follow the installation guide to update the modpack.
You can turn off shaders by editing optionsshaders.txt
You can switch packmodes when not in the game by editing config/packmode.cfg
Currently not all game stages serve a purpose.
Don't try to disturb mob spawners doing their job. You have been warned.
Make sure you have a good network connection when loading into the game.
Equivalent Exchange is not equivalent.
Getting lag when you have just joined a world is normal. Look around to get things loaded.
Use sharpening kits to repair tinker's tools, and polishing kits to repair armors.
Be patient when the game is loading. Don't spam click.
Join our discord for discussion and help!
This modpack is made by TCreopargh.
Botania is a tech mod.
Explore dungeons if you find one in your journey, they have bountiful loot!
